fising piles of
garbage and rivers of Rose sewage these
conditions are breeding ground for
disease throughout the densely populated
Gaza Strip after 9 months of War many
government services have collapsed clean
water essential to life is hard to come
by Dr Han fit is the head of pediatrics
at ala hospital he says the consequences
of living in such conditions are
clear diseases such as scabies measles
and chickenpox are spreading at high
rates diseases we didn't see at such
levels before the war the difficulty in
accessing treatment for skin diseases
exacerbates the spread of infection
Israel's blockade has also led to
shortage of many basic Goods
unfortunately there is no shampoo reads
this sign outside of sh in
I'm looking for shampoo or any other
cleaning supplies so we can bathe but we
can't find any and if we do find them
they are sold at exorbitant
prices there have been no supplies for
the past eight months everything you see
here is from the stock we had all the
borders are closed if they were open
we'd have larger quantities of cleaning
supplies un agencies called the
sanitation in crisis across Gaza a
silent threat to Palestinians
we get one tank of water every 3 or 4
days but soap is very expensive the
price of a bar of soap can reach up to
$8 sewage runs in the street and
children walk around in it Barefoot and
add to this hot weather we're in a state
of complete
destruction most Palestinians are living
in overcrowded tint camps or makeshift
shelters with no clean water and
sanitation which means diseases spretty
quickly unless facilities are restored
hundreds of thousand more people are at
risk of Contracting painful and
dangerous infections H mm Al jaaz D
balah from Central Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer